authors and the final part
of this activity round 10 for Juan Carlos Reveco
nine for the Mexican
building towers
my family and I think that is the most interesting thing of all kings
what was precisely the spd turn is the decision making no doubt the task
of all
I will return shock
images of the first round
we are going to get the second raul
seconds
for according
america is lived by and despite everything
two youngsters from bracamonte
This is the Mexican
little was left taking confidence in the last seconds of the first
back sally reveco
with left to send
You know what I made it clear that he felt the hand of more
ohio for then moro
the basile indications
another right 4 reps of europe and that has been halfway there has to
first bailing and not exposing yourself to the left of the Mexican
it's dangerous how cheesy to be Mexican
those of waist towers not that didactic of the language with linear blows
she since riki as she has added confidence without doubts and half in criticizing
nor above
so the composition the head
of towers
it is well used with the left but it takes it out
eleven
for six months for a crime of threats and get there as fast and
who the region
also Jewish not only his registered trademark in Mexico and the distance by
put eight down
lorena space towers
promised distance
he knows that shrinks dangerously
that's why he has defined several fights
with humberto pool for example in the place
with barrier frame
on the other hand the barrel of crude
the deep solidarity consortium
the glittering his career in this stadium for the complicated barely noticeable
shrinks up
Navarre while only breaking ball
china seems to receive the mexican efe / file thanks basile
well inside by left and chest revealed
wolf seeks does not have to stop being Mexican and measures the distance
well covered reveco as the last of Mexican psychiatrist
you win with iker up and the one-two
rapid reflexes reveco to enter and exit 100 good action
or in motion
elaborate dissecting trichet up
Smart work of world champion in this round
so to define before who works inside now the Mexican is played
it can be very dangerous for the anhydrous ethanol above it says basile that
hit 700 and it goes goes the second one goes
with the mini-world title of the cmb
much better level with offense this round
making decisions
at the time of downloading by the council it remains the chest
the Mexican is still dangerous in those processes he likes this position
boxing towers
you feel comfortable in the network
but the right reveco makes difference
and she can stand it Mexican for her gesture
mouth again
the gesture of the Mexican as if he did not feel the bad
he walked with the right
campanella
falconí is achieved with lots in the corners
to work sergio charito also falucho laciar
if indeed it really is an interesting
to pick up and clean up on August 14 to keep him and tired
there is no age to
julie the turn
and it's for reveco 9 for towers
20 18 for the Argentine boxer cochamó the indications
mobile borloo
according to pink was also the attack third degree middle econ
when they delivered left not only the high zone marked it chacón if not
was able that goal that marks registered on the body of this neighboring state the
hook down left up but he stayed at 8 alone but that's why he has to
bail and get in as I said politics with
is much more than the Mexican thought is here
is dangerous especially in the cons and cross it
will have to take precautions reveco
I have followed apple in minimosca and greater speed philadelphia if there is eta
part of reveco
for all this that any bend months
about the face of the Mexican
I insist you do not have to
we will play with the 60
very dangerous the Mexican who bets on that
he has to work on working as he is doing now
without permission of the movement of legs and arms for getting inside
in the meeting that measure that space
can define the lawsuit reveco
spicy mexican nole mexican is trunk and expectant economic
when cut with a single blow on the 17th the epilogue works by mario hugo the
boredom in recopa tower
and he wants it
I had to be covered what is waiting to work on the
shipments of the champion towers amaga reveco
a test moment to get now
wants to be Mexican
and disguised reveco
can not find the cusco for download in relation to the left
the heat has perforated having work of the Mexican
a job of rebuilding going out
that makes the decision to be employed thoroughly rich the space does not have the
moment to choose also and put everything Guadalajara remembered that the Mexican
that success prevented him from making the decision the attitude
has the space another low
we admit
and the difference is going to end 4 5 is going to stop the Mexican
to liberalize rival victory the Mexican will live
that's why it moves against the overturn
does not play on Saturday
well the right up
after a left that open way for that right part and outside
description the physio
calm champion although the definition
third round there is no such sense emphasized moved Mexican
that's why it does not go mouth reveco what look with left
from when the handsome Mexican
asked for the change of blows you have to praise Reveco
Meza measuring with the right reveco
the ground is the hook below
are the Mexican pipita martica that always opens a door for the
right
looking for a job
bell
end of the third as long as you can
2 the card of 70 wounded